The community events specially the Study Jam sessions.
The Azure Labs and Study Jam
The fact that I felt the "pressure" to study a little bit everyday. It was very encouraging!
Continuous studying and Slack community help me to gain a lot of skills in a short time. 
Completing the course and sticking to a schedule.
Work through the Foundations course content within Udacity for at least 30 minutes every day.
The constant support & encouragement from Udacity community team and fellow learners. Knowing a lot of people are also doing the same challenge also helps a lot.
The accountability. Even after finishing the course, reporting on relevant coding activities kept me in touch with the other students and on mission. 
It helped me to keep going even on the days when I was so tired and if it weren't for the challenge I wouldn't be looking into the course. Such discontinuities often result in disconnections from the course and thus failure in completion. I think that was the best thing #60daysofUdacity challenge did for me: giving me a cause to keep going no matter what. 
Reading and receiving comments of the other students on their progress
Communicating and be organized
The sustained requirement and accountability to fellow students
working on incremental steps
the challenge itself motivated me to spend little time everyday to keep learning and doing the labs to improve my skills. It's a great initiative for managing your time and also getting motivated by reading slack messages
I had to update my daily progress and this helped me a lot to be on track.
Wow!! This was a big challenge for me! Perhaps more than I should have accepted. :)
I am working more than 8 hours a day and we have two children at home during the pandemic. If it were not for the incentives of this challenge, it would be impossible to finish the course and study and do so much differently during this period. 

It is necessary to register that, if it weren't for my wife supporting me, I don't know what I would do. :)
Learning from other scholar's post daily, either related to course or a completely new resource that is very helpful and insightful. Great exposure and the ease to learn quickly
The opportunity to take up the challenge and the constant encouragement of my peers.
The study Jam
#50daysofUdacity helps me self reflection while writing #50daysofUdacity and can have a memorial journal that I've been in this Scholarship. By writing down this memorial journal also helping me improving my interview skill such as explain concepts with interviewer. In my career sometimes I only implement code without the time to build knowledg or take Class only searching on Internet to learn a short brief knowledge. #50daysofUdacity help me organize my learning experience writing down the part I want remember and help me explain concepts better while interview.
The community was great, and having the consistency of trying to complete the goal helped push me through the slower days. I really appreciate that there were a few days that could be taken off, but I actually made it a challenge to myself to not skip a single day and that really helped me push through!
Encouragement from other participants and encouraging others! It really made me feel part of the running team!
Keeping the deadline on eachday and achieving it. Encouraging everyone to take part in the challenge. 
Daily  Course Tracking habit and encouragement from the slack community.
The regularity of the study that comes with the challenge helped me to complete the training in a good time frame and then I had time to explore the Azure ML lab samples that were not covered in the course.
I think having to post daily progress kept me engaged with the topics long after I finished the foundations course. So much so that I will aim for 80 days of Udacity.
The update and motivation i get from other participant. Glad to complete it within the #50daysofUdacity 
recapping what I did every day. It helped me consolidate my efforts and gave me something to look back on. Helped me keep track of what I was doing from a day-to-day perspective when I got busy.
Study Jams
it keept me motivated
It helped me the most in completing the foundational course and make the flow of learning
Daily 30 minutes of working on my course material help me complete it without affecting my others stuff.
Doing a little bit every day.
The planing of dividing the full work into small chunk every day instead of keeping everything at the end with more pressure.
It helped me to be consistent throughout the journey to complete foundation course .
#50daysofUdacity helped me improve my machine learning skills and create discipline
I participated in #50DaysofUdacity challenge silently, I missed to keep my updates, but yes through this challenge I could complete my courses on time.This kept me motivated not to make any excuses to learn
Peers motivating and group learning.
Accepting the 50 days challenge of you publicly helped me to grow my machine learning and Microsoft Azure skills to a next level and I thank you 50 days of udacity for that, it also help me to stay consistent with my work in machine learning and Microsoft Azure platform also it help helped me a lot in gaining beginning and intermediate skills in this subject. Thanks a lot you Udacity.
The completion of labs along with study jam 1. 
Well
The consistency I gained in studying, the study jams organised during this challenge and of course the motivation provided by the community.
Webinars
Learning daily for 30mins has become a habit now because of #50daysofudacity. The amount of motivation i get from my peers as part of the challenge is amazing 
It helped me to maintain consistent learning everyday. It was easy to track my daily tasks easily.
The challenge made me be accountable to daily study time. It really helped complete the course early. I also loved that community was encouraging. 
Labs are really interesting with responsible AI that was awesome 
Helped me stay engaged and motivated with my learning with so many awesome and supportive peers!!!
The time commitment, it make me better at time management
@Paula
To be consistent and complete the course in time
Seeing other scholars post their awesome daily achievements in #50daysofudacity channel. Got plenty of ideas from there :)
To keep on moving with the course
-
Posting progress everyday which was kind of 'control' for myself & the awesome community
Consistency and dedication is very important in completing the course that where #50daysofUdacity helps.
Making sure a little step is done every day
Keep working on the course, connect with fellow learners, and stay up-to-date with events and study jams.
Consistent progress
The consistency and accountability of working on the course each day for a little bit. - It helped me avoid the temptation to skip and then "cram" ... I decided at the outset not to use any "skip days," even though this challenge spanned my first wedding anniversary and my birthday (days I would normally be tempted to avoid working on the course). - Committing (publicly, at that) to something really helps build accountability. - I LOVED StudyJam, but I think that #50daysofudacity is probably the most important "challenge" of the course! 
This is a good and balanced way to acquire knowledge.
The best part of the  #50daysofUdacity  was share the knowledge that I have learned and keep working everyday during 50 days. Its was not easy when you have a family and even if you are in vacations with them but I have really enjoyed to be part of this amazing challenge.  
It is the community
It's made me consistent and because of that not only I was able to complete Microsoft course but also I have completed couple of more course which I was never able to do that previously.
consistent commitment  
The 50daysUdacity channel where everyone shared their updates.
It enabled me to keep my motivation high and keep on learning continuously. Also seeing others post and what they are learning also motivated me to ramp up the pace !! so over all a perfect way to stay motivated. I will still continue to learn little bit every day even after the challenge as i really liked this concept of continuous learning even if its is just for 30 minutes some days !!
The consistency
Focusing to complete the course at the earliest
To be consistent with my daily progress and creating daily progress plots of overall udaicity coursework. Challenging myself to do some unique on the next day which leads to learning the new things and mastering the techniques ✌🏽
Spending a minimum of 30 minutes a day and study jam helped me to complete the course in around 30 days. And then I spend the rest of the days of #50daysofudacity studying about CNN and ANN on my own. I was also able to complete 5 quest and skill badge in Google Cloud too.
Upvote of my posts by fellow scholars, which motivated me to move forward..
It motivated me to learn a bit every day, even on those days when I thought I was too busy to learn.
To write down daily achievements keeps me motivating. Sometimes it is very difficult to find time, but you don't want to loose your streak so you force yourself to do it every day.
Consistent work on the course day by day so that I can finish the course even earlier
Consistency is the key. When you get up everyday and have that goal in mind, you don't want to break your streak! And gradually you start enjoying the journey and don't have to push yourself for it. I guess that is the most beautiful feeling I would always cherish! 
#50daysofUdacity helped me in staying consistent and persistent. Moreover the challenge helped me to explore content apart from the foundation program.
The slack chat room, seeing everyone post. Also only 30 minutes needed as a full hour as in 100DaysofCode can sometimes get hard with a busy life. 
Studyjams 
it helped me in consistent learning
Gone to #Day35 then due to job seeking and technical tests I have to focus on another fields. But keeping in touch with the Slack community
The slack channel helped me stay focused and motivated.
The perseverence.
Dedication to progress
It helped me in being consistent and dedicated towards the end goal
Encouragement from peers ❤️
encouragement and support
The community activities and events
Seeing so many people taking up the challenge and working towards it, seeing their messages helped me a lot to complete this #50DaysofUdacity challenge.
Pushed me and helped me to keep track of my work
The whole challenge helped me a lot. The secret to improve is to be consistent and study every day.
The fact that I had to do something everyday.  So I made it the first task of every morning.   Also the synergy of going through the process with others. 
The challenge helped me most in memorizing the material I had learned.
Its regularity it motivated me to complete the course
Keeping me on track and it helped me review material every day!
Encouragement from peers. 
tracking system of progress
It made me consistent and encouraged me to dedicate atleast 30 mins of my time everyday in learning Machine Learning and exploring other fields of AI 
almost everything
This helped me to do the course work continuously even with my busy works.Thanks a lot for the challenge.
Motivation 
Yes it helped to stream line my studies even though I had a busy day this challenge helped me push through and work a little extra to complete what I wanted to
The need to consistently update what I have learned or done in the day helped me a lot, it made me more consistent in my work.
The fact that I got to make 50 little entries about my journey helped me understand my progress. I was a beginner with ML but this platform has helped me learn a lot. I know so much more now.
Continuity. I completed the course in the first 7 days of 50 days challenge but still, it helped me revise and do some work everyday. Had this challenge not been there, I wouldn't have revised or done a project and would have lost the touch and forgot all the concepts. Thanks Palak and Brenda for this great challenge. You both rock :D  
The challenge in itself to study every day.
having to update my activities. even when i am not feeling like working, i do a little just to have something to post
The challenge itself motivated me to alot time to learn something new everyday pertaining to the course topics and other related topics as well. It helped me to solve my doubts and enable me to assist other as well and solve their doubts. An Awesome Challenge !!
The daily encouragement from co-learners
This challenge helped me to revise all  the lessons and keep reading up on several machine learning topics even after finishing the course!! 
The studyJam and the webinars organised by the community leads
The whole idea of working consistently (and it also helped me develop a great habit to learn every day even if it's just a little bit of learning i.e. reading an article about data science and ML).
#50dayschallenge engage person to do coding or its relevant activities for at least 30 minutes everyday. After 50 days, person make it a habit to do coding daily
Having the community  who is doing the same ..Everyone is posting and it made me at least study for 1 hour and I looked forward to post it. I loved this part more (ofcorse studyjam)in the challenge as it helped me study everyday which installed the habit of studying everyday.
encouragement and appreciation tagging from my peers who registered for the challenge as well.
Being committed to a rigorous schedule and having the support and encouragements from my colleagues were the parts that helped me the most to finish the challenge.   
The continuous support, and seeing all the messages from so many scholars!! It really motivated me do actually put in time everyday :)
It motivates me to read something daily :-)
Working and learning every day!
MOSTLY THE JAMING DAYS. I CANNOT UNDERMINE THE DAILY PEOPLE ENCOURAMENTS.
The community and their group works. Study jam was really a great opportunity to share and learn. Though I missed my second study jam volunteering opportunity but did the first one carefully. I am going to do more from now on sharing tips for begineer kagglers, posting daily interview questions and making discussions for technical challenges. I hope this will make me grow more and more. And above contents were amazingly curated.
I like answers that I got from the other participants of the challenge 
This challenge enabled me to complete the course on time and helped me to build a daily learning habit.
It pushed me towards making gradual progress and also push my peers.
The open everyday submission of scholars’ results in slack 
Just having the goal kept me motivated 
The final part because I found the motivation required to complete the course. 
Interaction and motivation to follow lessons, intense competition between friends, acquaintance, and gain good friendships
The challenge itself. You have to be consistent to succeed in this challenge. And believe me 50 days are very very much. 
It helped me maintaining consistency in my studies. It helped me tracking the progress of the lessons. 
The community's support & motivation
Consistency, the fact that I committed to do a part of this program which really helped me commit to the program and make the most of it!! This was awesome and important.
Being encouraged by people and also reading and encouraging others. I felt like I was in a classroom with friends. Very motivating challenge.
The reason that it was a Challange and it required just a bit of a commitment everyday, helped me to stay engaged. 
The consistency it brings is remarkable. I don't think I would have learned this much so effectively if it was not for this challenge. And of course the beautiful Udacity community we have is hands down the best thing!
Getting into the habit of learning about Azure every day!
The motivation to give time to learn each day.
To see so many scholars happily engaged in the challenge
Being accountable to my peers. Few of them supported me regularly 
Interacting with people I did not know previously that encouraged me along the way and pointed out great resources. This was awesome.
The community, study with a lot of people doing the same and motivating the others.
The motivation from other learners and seeing everyone pushing towards the goal really helped me, even on the days when I had a lot on my plate!!!
All of the challenge helped me most. I like the very organize lab instruction, it help a lot by walking me through the lab. All the videos lead by Aniththa Umamahesan, Abe Omorogbe, CiprianvJichici, and Zoiner Tejada explain very wells through this introductions to Machine Learning foundation. I have learn so much in just 50 days, and  I can’t wait to learn even more after this lesson. I hope to get into the second Phase to continues learning more in the lab fundamental processes, working on projects, and get more experience from experts. Anyway, thanks a lot for this 50 days challenge. 
- Linh L.
Keeping up with the challenge created a schedule for me to follow and complete the course. The slack channel helped with accountability.
accountability with peers
The discipline of coming back day after day to the course content
Every challenge helped me in some or other way.
The post channel help me know more peers
setting a regular time to study each day
Visualization Challenge
I think the whole 50 days of Udacity helped me to keep focus during this crazy times of COVID-19. I love keep studying and I do it as a permanent state of mind. This is not my first course in Azure Machine Learning platform, but I think it is the most hands-on experience I had so far with a online course. The pace of the course is great, but not enough for the 50 days of challenge. However, the slack community is something different, special, and it kept me moving forward despite all other challenges in life. So, the thing I liked the most was this shared learning experience :)
The participation aspect of the #50daysofUdacity challenge helped me most. It was a great motivator to keep learning!
The main thing that I achieved is the consistency. With so many things that one is occupied with it becomes were important to prioritize them and this challenge motivated me to learn or initially complete 3-5 modules daily. This helped me increase my attention span and dedication for the work and routine I follow.
The #50daysofudacity challenge was really interesting and was highly motivating to complete the course within the time limit. 
Knowing that I had to learn something everyday helped me stay committed.
#50daysofUdacity encouraged me to stay motivated towards my goal. It helped me to complete the course early. The challenge helped me to form a habit of doing something productive towards my goal everyday. Though i have fulfilled my pledge of #50daysofUdacity without a single day break, i want to still continue the challenge till the end. Now i'm going for #79daysofUdacity challenge. Everyday i will learn something about machine learning, i will do projects to have better understanding of Machine Learning. Thank you Udacity for helping me form this awesome habit of being productive everyday towards my goal. Now i strongly believe A little progress each day adds up to the big result.
It helped me to focus on the course atleast once a day and helped to finish the course on time
The requirement to post my progress daily ensured self discipline and helped focus on the course. 
Planning the time to study is what helped the most! 
To maintain consistency in learning everyday because I get distracted very easily but this #50daysofUdacity helped me to learn bit by bit everyday. 
It helped me gain regular knowledge because of which I didnt feel stressed to complete my course and manage other work. I used to do all of my work at proper time. This actually helped me setting my time table of everyday more efficiently than ever before. Now its actually in my habit and I am loving it.
The study jams were the best I really accomplished many parts of the course during those jams 
Completing the course and motivated me to do more
The community definitely - inspired by the thoroughness of others who detailed their learning endeavors as well as their encouragement. 
The requirement of 30 minutes per day. Some days I was really forced to study only by the existence of this requirement and I'm glad I kept this habit. Now that the challenge is finished, my brain automatically looks for these 30 min. and I am looking to do something similar for the rest of the days :-)
It is amazing,  I am an educator it made me believe that an online course with the kind of skim like #50dayschallenge works. Everyday no matter what , It made me to focused 30 min or more on my lesson. Please continue this in your other online courses. encouraging others every day was also great. Especially for beginners where you don't have human interaction it is crucial I think. Thank you for designing it!
I would have studied for this period of time (and I will continue doing so even after completion) irrespective of the challenge
Azure SDK
The lab sessions. I was apprehensive if we'll get some good training out there, but as usual Udacity made my experience worth enrolling and giving my fifty days to the program. 
The competitions like Visual Challenge, Study Jams and Mega Quiz
To keep up the pace and focus on the deadlines
The fact that I had to log in my progress daily kept me motivated to keep setting goals, and meeting them, to keep studying. Also the part where everyone was being encouraged in the community is 💯 
The energy of the community during my daily posting. I noticed an increment of people interacting with me as the course progressed, and that was a sign that I was on the right track :) 
AzureML hands on labs where very helpful for me.
The objective to work on the course every day.
Study Jam
In the beginning, For me its very difficult to punctual about learning everyday. But when I used to update for few days it becomes habit for me to learn every day, update and share on slack with our friends. And also encourage them to do the same. This challenge change my life a lot. Now I am more sincere towards learning every day. It make me feel happy when i see my daily status about my learning. I would like to thanks Udacity for this challenge.
i love to learning new technology so everyday it was help to me 
Motivation from other classmates helped me most. It helped me in building network and friendship with them.
#10daysofUdacity challenge helped me to complete the sixth module on the azure machine learning course 
I gained consistency to read from this challenge, so I would say its duration helped me the most.
This challenge helps to maintain consistency in learning while tracking daily progress of our learning is what i like the most.
Keeping focused 
From the beginning to end of is meaningful to me
Challenging my self for learning and coding every day. Learn from other and find many competitions 
Peer support
i'm working and studying my MSc Thesis at the same time. During my vacation, it was hard for me too keep up.
Helped keep me focused on my goals.
Consistent work
working everyday 
the urge to do something for 50 days straight helped maintain consistency
I guess is to build the habit of studying every day. 
Daily routine 
The model deployment part.
The encouragements I got from fellow scholars gave me ample reasons to keep on moving not slowly but at a fast pace.
Taking the course into my daily routine
the labs
It help me to get the discipline to study each day step by step. In this way I think that I learned better than before. Thank you Udacity!
I loved the visual challenge. All the gifs and small videos along with those wonderful illustrations really helped to get a clear picture for some concepts.
Everything
This challenge helped me stay motivated and concentrate on tasks on everyday basis and helped me interact with other members for discussions
Commitment
Progressive Learning
People motivation 
Managed services machine learning
The integration with the community every day kept my motivation high. They gave me the strength to continue even on the most difficult days (when I had little time or other personal problems that could delay progress). Really inspiring to have a community where you can count on and be inspired by people from all regions of the world!
served as a everyday do something motivational reminder. very useful. 
It taught me to study consistently, I have progressed a great deal by this challenge.
the regular schedules helped me complete the course before time and also do extended learning
Summary. Integration of Lessons
Keep motivated to read everyday something related with Machine Learning, Azure o Python
All..very good Challenge.
I would say "Study Jam" sessions helped me the most!
The challenge itself! To develop a habit, of setting aside some time no matter how hectic a day.
It helped me to be consistent and work collaboratively. I connected with many colleagues and it was a great experience! Thank you for such great experience! 
Consistently coming to slack to post and interact with other students really motivated me throughout the challenge. I aim to continue interacting on a daily basis!
 It gave me the encouragement to keep coming back to complete each lesson
The first week of the challenge got me on tract and to learn more. I eventually finished the machine learning scholarship program fro Microsoft Azure way ahead of time but used the 50-day challenge to learn other Udacity resources and free courses.
Consistency helped me a lot on learning and finishing course ahead of time!
It gave me consistency in learning. I completed course in first 20 days itself
Slack community support. The encouragement you get from fellow scholars and the general craving for people to learn and grow.
Everyday I woke up early to study then I share my progress using Slack channel, that helps me a lot, the willing to participate and to collaborate with others
Being accountable to work for at least 30 minutes everyday.
This challenge made me to stay consistent,to stay motivated,even in the hard times and made me to focus on my goals
1. I could see how others are working and follow some of them
2. Helped me remain consistent
3. Boosted my energy because of motivation from others. 
It help me to be motivated all the time
Building daily learning habit to study for a minimum of 30 minutes/day
It helped and ensured me to do foundation course everyday 
Collectively everyone was achieving more. Helped gaining momentum
#50daysofUdacity really helped me to finish my course on time. The endorsement by the peers really helped alot to keep going.
The motivation it gave to keep working on my efforts to learn Machine Learning daily without any procrastination! It has now made a habit of learning something about ML everyday!
I learnt to be consistent and disciplined! Thank you.
The study jam conducted in-between were really helpful. This consistency was new to me. It was hard but I stuck to it ! I am really proud of myself :)
it's help me to keep in track
Motivated, positive, encouraging and empowering community!
The habit building and consistency. 
The whole learning every day a little
I always try to motivate myself to study everyday, even if it's for a little while and I'dlike to say I always do that. But sadly, in reality, due to so many other commitments, it gets tiring and I tend to give up. 
However, due to the #50daysofudacity challenge, it was like I had promised myself and I could not come up with any reason to not study for 30 mins. I really really liked that. It helped me get going. 
And I had also taken upon myself to complete the course within the 50 day challenge. So I held a mini study jam for myslef on day 49 so that I can proudly day I completed the course within the challenge.
So thank you, for giving me that support and motivation and instilling this habit in me <3
Seeing others posts motivated me to work harder
Staying focused through deliberate practice
Studying concepts/labs in challenge course and planning events with fellow student leaders.
to be chalenged to study each day for 50 days in a row with very little place for skipping a day and the encouragements of the other students
Being consistent due to the challenge and getting motivation from fellow students.
The fact that I needed to do at least something, half an hour dedicated to the materials of the course, everyday in order to be able to check. It was like an internal check that pushed me to keep going and not abandon
Determination to stay consistent
Group study from #beginners channel that I participated with small group of dedicated and committed people to help and support each other
Student Study Jam
This challenge helped me a lot to learn every day consistently.
To help complete the course and stay on track 
All
Leaning on daily basis and the opportunity to celebrate achievements.
Study Jam
The commitment to consistency helped create the habit which is something that I will continue to apply even outside of the course!
It motivated me to study everyday even if it is a little bit. It kept me more organized. 
Progressing on study, everyday.
The encouragement and support from fellow students!
The  daily updates part of the challenge helped me stay disciplined and accountable.
Labs and teaching styles
Reliable AI; it is the most part where I have added significant knowledge that has really helped build more trusted AI models. 
Keep working every day, in order to not lost the challenge.
Remain consistent to the course and keeping up the pace to match community's pace seeing other working harder every day was a driving force for me to get back and get going. It helped me completing the course with a right pace and clearing fundamentals. This challenge taught me an important lesson for life. Life is a Marathon and not a Sprint. If you get exhausted in first 100 meters, you will never able to make it to finish line. Remain consistent, stay motivated, keep the blood flowing and keep sweating every single day until you reach to and end or to a new beginning. A journey worth cherishing.

Thank you Team Udacity & Team Microsoft!! 
#50daysofudacity channel 
Submit  every day information about my progress in Slack chat
Study Jam
The constant urge to daily study for half an hour and seeing people giving daily updates motivated me and helped me to work even on days which were really tiring(due to job). Taking a half an hour from a daily routine can become tough when you are working, but this challenge helped me take out time for completing my personal goals. Looking forward to acceptance for the nanodegree as well :)
the regular studying
The challenge itself helped me to stay on the track and study regularly. That's why I could complete the course on time (even as per previous deadline) and helped others with my experience. The encouragement from peers was awesome.
Each and every part of challenge helped me. It was hard to miss a single day without doing challenge work. Even on recreation trip, my laptop was with me and I was continuously working on my course. It helped to not only complete my course in time, but successfully completed whole course revisioin.
The commitment of my pledge and the help and encouragement of my peers!
The allocation of at least 30 minutes a day to make progress in the program
The #50daysofUdacity Challenge instilled in me the habit of working on ML everyday. Being consistent really helps as I was able to finish the entire course and also the revision of the entire course. I also had ample time for project work and community interaction. I could achieve all this, in just 50 days, thanks to the challenge.
Community. The feel of the support and doing something together is a powerful motivator. 
The constant encouragement from my peers helped me to push my limits and do more. This was the best part which helped me the most in learning.
 
The initial phase of this challenge helped me the most as I had planned a timetable, set a pace and later it became my routine. Also the idea of encouragement really kept me motivated and to motivate others.
The moral obligation to code and learn for at least 30 minutes a day
Study jams, the quizzes, and the way people were inspiring and motivating one another really helped me a lot to get through finish line. 24 hours study jams, that will to do the best in mega-quiz motivated me a lot to stay focused towards my goal. I told my dad to remind me everyday to post my progress. The way he reminded me everyday before sleeping "Aaj ka post ho gya na" ("Donw with today's task") was really amzing XD.
Webinars helped me a lot on getting understanding of ML and use case implementation concept. 
Leanring Azure 
Posting an announcement in Slack about my progress
To get me to sit in front of the laptop and actually get things done! :)
learning a topic each day religiously ! 
Encouragement from peers
Encouragement from peers
Communication of peers and course structure 
motivation from peers
The challenge force established a habit that was much needed in a pandemic as laziness could sweep me off my feet any moment, but the #50 days challenge made sure that I consistently stayed in touch with learning every single day.
The consistency of regularly doing course part by part helped a lot in learning more
The whole learning every day a little
The commitment and the encouragement received from the community in Slack
Model training
The challenge encouraged me to complete the course. It was a great source of motivation to keep going. 
It helps me to learn everyday. After completing the challenge, I feel like sit and learn becomes a habit to me after my schools days.
Practice every day
My motivation !
More incentive to set aside time for learning.
Keeping a daily target and helping others in this process.
The daily goals to complete the course helped me with completing the course in time
by maintaining  the consistency it became very easy understand and implement concepts 
I'm very happy that community motivation me !
Even after completing the course in middle of #50daysofudacity, I was able to go through some other udacity free courses and work on some projects and I am going to continue to do so.
The strict rules of the challenge that allowed only to skip one day in two weeks really made me stick to the challenge and thereby complete it successfully. I really enjoyed taking part in this challenge, and my knowledge in ML has greatly increased through this challenge!
Motivation and helping hand in the community
the motivation of the people
Being motivated by participants, and I enjoy encouraging others!
Making a habit of daily learning - without fail
It was really motivating to spend at least 30minutes everyday to reach till the end of course completion
The amazing community! Because it was more of an challenge to yourself than a competition, it  was easier to see the inspiration and motivation that the community provided. It was really worth it to reach the end and say that i did something productive for 50 days straight!
To keep studying everyday.
This challenge was a driving force behind my change to dedicate at least 30-45 minutes a day to obtain new information or to complete a one assigned task/module. With that motivation, I was able to manage my time much more efficiently and get results without procrastinating any pending task. Although I was little worried completing program before September 30th, with this challenge, I was able to complete all required modules, videos and lab work weeks before the deadline. Through material shared in #50daysofUdacity Slack board, I was able to communicate scholars all over the world. With various experiences, cultural differences, I was able to gain more skills to work with others in competitions like Kaggle and extend my knowledge base even beyond what was included in the course material. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. 
#50daysofUdacity encouraged me to learn daily irrespective of number of hours spend it helped me build a habit of learning everyday without having cheat days as they are only to fool yourself no one else is going to face consequences of that and with this amazing course and platform i am able to enhances my machine learning knowledge, work on azure platform is the best of all. Thanks for this exposure and support through the community all the times in case of difficulties or at times of guidance.
The time which I have to dedicate daily helped me to complete the course
Other students encouraging and motivating me
The dedication to study continuously for 50 days.
This challenge helped me to stay focused on my goal to complete the course. 
Dedication and motive
Keeping my progress on track
It is difficult to pick. Both the required consistency and the motivation provided by other scholars helped a lot with the challenge and the course in general.
Focus on doing progress every day, exchange with the community and kind encouragements :)
students motivating one another
the ambience that creating "must done" attitude in our self
to always do a deep dive into topics

The Labs
Support of classmates
Each part of the challenge was very helpful for me, but if I have to choose something it would be the courses contents and the community help
Learning and posting every day
The daily updates, post my update each day motivated me to continue doing it each day, till I completed the course.
the study group channel
#50daysofUdacity kept me motivated to do well and to learn more, sharing what I learned gave me a boost to learn something new every day!! This challenge of simply awesome! 
I got the oppurtunity to get get thorough and hands on practical experience on machine learning on Azure. This is a great thing for me . Im a system admin looking for career transition into machine learning. I know how hard it is and this course had helped me cope up with the technical know hows of Azure and machine learning.  Thank you Udacity for this wonderful oppurtunity. 
It creates habit and habit create consistency towards course.
Keeping my study on the course material going every day little by little.
I already have the knowledge of machine learning on jupyter platform. That helped me somewhat and I'm very much glad to learn azure with the help of udacity team. Thank you everyone for your support and all. 
All the hands on experience
Lesson 2 which contains some essential information about machine learning
I helped me having the consistency to learn something new everyday
Model Training
Seeing others post daily was a great motivation! I often would see the same people posting at the same time of day and we would co-encourage each other. That was fun! :-)
Getting into a habit of learning daily, else i would usually spend just 2-3 days per week but this exercise cultivated a daily habit which in turn led to an enjoyable learning experience and continuity
Posting regular updates helped me complete the course.
Lesson 2 model training
Learning 30 minutes a day
Study 30 minutes a day
everyday learning
The continuous process of going through modules in a daily basis helped a lot.
Most part of the 50 days helped
Being on schedule by keeping myself accountable.
The community support, collaboration & motivation. It really kept me pushing my boundaries.  
It helped in maintaining a target to complete this foundation program.
This challenge helped me in being consistent. During this challenge not only I completed the course but also revised the topics and did some extra learning.
the mentions and feedback from other scholars
I specially liked learning about the specific applications of ML
By having to study at least 30 min even if I had a busy day I found a way to study. Furthermore having the encouragement of my colleagues was also very important for me. 
Slack community
This program helped me in completing the course by maintaining a target in per day schedule.
First is the course with labs and then study groups and study jams. 
Motivation from community to keep going ! #50daysofUdacity has helped make learning a daily habit now. Thank you !
It makes easy to be constant and find goals.
The part of being constant helped me a lot, I finished much earlier than previous scholarships in which I participated and that excites me! I share with you the repository where I save my process in the #50daysofudacity challenge
labs and way of teaching..
The part where I needed to build a consistent habit. I will always be grateful for that. It was an amazing opportunity.
It helps me to consistent work for 50 days even it is just for 1 hour.  At the end of the day, peace of mind of doing something to improve my ML skills and statistical know-how. 
azure virtual lab and slack support 
Motivation 
Dedication 
It was so great to learn about supervised and unsupervised learning approach and also using automated ML
consistency
Completing the course and preparation for AI-900 exam
The part where we write our progress and encourage our peers to take part in the challenge, motivate them and also writing everything learned in a nutshell really kept me motivated and helped me retain my concepts for longer period.
The community engagement hold my discipline into place for the 50 days period! Unexpected and amazing motivational! Congratulations! 
It was hard at the beginning, but the staff and the community were amazing, engaging with activities, ideas for projects, helping each others... Was great.
Community support
Community discussions through which i was informed about the different aspects and applications of ML
Content,Syllabus
To learn everyday until the course is complete, consistency
learning everyday, consistency
Practicing azure labs helped me to get certified in Dp-1oo
The last part; this is because AI is not a pure technical problem. AI is employed to help build models that can add value to our lives; professional, social etc. 
30 min complosory learning
It keeps me motivated and make me sincere and loyal towards my goal.
Everything
not only continuous learning, but the challenge kept the momentum up to study as much we can with the limited time we had.
when learning fairlearn it looked little challenging
focus
See other peers' posts/updating/sharing, will encourage me to keep moving 
To tell the truth, the proposed program is well done. gradually we learn new concepts, a learning reinforced by practice. Thanks to the Udacity and Microsoft teams.
It shape my learning schedule by helping me build a habit of learning everyday 
Group channels and labs
The daily discipline to focus on the course helped me to develop the discipline to achieve others goals as well.
Hands-on Lab?
Making it a habit and taking responsibility for my studying
This is my very first encounter with MS Azure. So, I would say that lesson 6 was most helpful because it addresses the services provided by MS Azure that I hadn't used before. Thanks!
The great content of the program. It is easy to do something when it is fun!
write post daily & encourage someone & get encouraged
Uploading daily progress helped me work consistently and stay focused
It was a very great way for me to complete all the lessons. The sense of accountability I get from posting updates on the channel was really helpful.
It helped in being consistent throughout the course progress
Being consistently connected with the course daily and connecting with other amazing people 
motivation from the peers. Their kind words!
It's help alot for course completion in my busy schedule. It's help me to consistently and Focus on this course everyday.
The community! The support and motivation was great! Helped me complete it in time!
The challenge made sure that I was consistent throughout the entire course. It kept me going. I made sure I spent atleast an hour or two a day. Thank you for organizing this challenge. It really helped me to learn new things , do project, and start community initiatives.
I am not a very consistent person in terms for following something through. The amazing community and people's efforts and enthusiasm motivated me to atleast do my bit everyday. Thanks Udacity for this wonderful opportunity!!
Though I am super busy with my current full time job  but this challenged helped me to study regular at least 30-40 minutes. So I liked this challenge a lot. I will also apply this technique to study self material to complete my other goal.
I completed my course in 30 days. 50 Days challenge kept me exploring more in-depth on most of the concepts. And important one is Study Jam, Both of them really gave a lot of knowledge though webinar, quiz and fun.
Learning commitment and encouragement from the community
Commitment to Daily accountability of my achievements during this program
The fact that made me keep going even those days that you think you cannot do it. To force myself to do at least that half an hour every day, has provided me with the continuous study routine that I needed
All
We were encouraged to explore and perform other projects after we completed the program.
Actually, it was a hectic period, striving  to make sure goals are achieved. However, I learnt a lot. Pin pointing the actual part of the challenge would be an understatement, it was awesome. I mean everything!! 
I think the challenge with its work broken down into pieces made me more consistent with my approach to the course. It helped me to complete the course before the deadline.
Helped me to remain consistent
it helped me to study and practice the machine learning daily.
The overview of the ML concepts and the labs that were provided alongside helped clear the concepts. Looking forward to my selection in the next phase.
The encouragement from people, new friends and contacts made during the other activities
Sharing what other students are studying besides the course
The challenge helped me to maintain a constant daily study, made me create a routine even when I was tired and unmotivated.
It helped me to learn more and became the source of inspiration to enhance my coding knowledge.

I greatly appreciate this challenge since help me a lot to inculcate learning consistency.
I completed most of my lesson at first
Consistency each day even if for only 30 minutes
The constant posting of people about their progress kept me motivating
Learning dedication 
Daily posting of updates with motivate other 2 peers. 
The constant motivation and encouragement from the peers for whole 50 days has been enormous and helped me in completing this challenge.
The collaborative approach helped me stay motivated and focused. 
It was hard at the beginning but suddenly you realize that have build a healthy habit and you are walking towards the middle of the course... so the other half of the course is pretty easy and fun
Study Jams, the motivation to continuously work on something and update it on slack and also get to see others' progress, learn from them, and get inspired by them.
Having this challenge make me a schedule of 1 hr daily
Application of ML
It motivates me to keep learning even though I want to skip sometimes while working. But even on those days, when I turn on my laptop, I can make the energy to keep learning. Thank you so much!! :)
Kaggle Competitions, Both the study jams, communicating with peers and SL's 
Due to my job, it was hard for me to allocate time. I was always busy with something and couldn't manage my time. That is where #50DaysOfUdacity played the most prominent role. I only had to give 30 mins every day. It may look insignificant, but it acts like a butterfly effect! Because of this, I was not only able to finish the course in time, but it also taught me the effectiveness of time management.
The study jams extremely helpful. 
Study Jam's, Study groups, Motivations from the peers, Time management, healthy ama sessions and almost everything which happened during the study jam was amazing. Apart from this in the 50daysofudacity challenge I've learnt as many things as I can. 
I was able to complete the course on time and helped to stay disciplined 
It made me learn something everyday, One key take away from this challenge is I understood consistency will make us more productive.
Continuous learning each day and great appreciating team helped me the most in this challenge. 
Seeing people's progress each day made me focus on the task at hand and It also helped in staying true to the program.  
study jams were the best
The last one "Responsible AI"
Writing about Machine Learning every day
The fact that you regularly have to tell what you did.
I took the challenge late so I had no skip days (I thought so). If someday I felt like skipping a day I was reminded that I have to start from day 1. So even if I was tired from college work, assignments, and tests or some work at home, I knew I have to spend 30 min at least on course before sleeping to get a sense of satisfaction (that I am doing something beyond college work). If I spent less time someday (I considered 30 min less) I spend more time the day after to get more satisfied and keep in pace with all. The slack community is so helping that you know when you got struck anywhere anytime, there is a lot bunch of people out there to help you(loved this part a lot) and this community is a continuous source of motivation for me. I want to stay in touch with all even after the Microsoft Azure Program ends!!
I really liked the idea to look at what others do, especially after completing the Course. It was inspiring. 
Having made the commitment to do this for 50 days helped me to focus on working on both the course and ML topics.  I would likely have been doing some kind of learning every day regardless, but typically would have let my attention wander into tangents and perhaps not getting deep enough into some important topics.  
The classroom about Responsible AI
the consistency and also input from others was amazingly helpful
Interaction with other scholars and sharing of progress
It gave me a habit of study every day.
Community. The feel of the support and doing something together is a powerful motivator. 
Model Training
The Labs that provided hand on real experience
To keep an everyday moment to study. It was very helpful
just updating my status everyday thrilled me
My regular updates and encouragements from scholars pushed me to complete course work and stay active in slack community.Course progress and other learnings shared by scholars were helpful.
AMA sessions and Slack network
the daily coming back
It kept me going & most importantly seeing fellow scholars putting in effort motivated me the most. Thank you for the Challenge. It made my summer break very fruitful.
Commitment 
It keeps me consistent on the course materials and help me to schedule the time for course work.
It keeps me consistent on the course materials and help me to schedule the time for course work. 
The challenge overall has been very fruitful. Motivation by the community after a tough day helped me alot. I personally loved the study jam alot.

Supports from the community!
The motivation of posting in a channel every day and seeing other peoples achievement/encouragement
Continuous learning 
Initial days of the challenge day 1 - day 10
Daily Commitment
motivate to each other.
It build a daily study routine
Labs and quizzes
Encouragement 
Making sure I did 30 minutes a day helped me stay connected with the slack community.
The community, the dedicated, amazingly powerful community kept me going and it still keeps the inertia in me!
The whole program was essential but in particular, the project bit.
just the pressure to get some time in consistently!
1 day off every 2 weeks. Without it, I don't think I could completed the challenge. It'd be easier if it was once every week instead of two weeks.
The channel helped me keep track
Consistency and dedication to my studies.
The daily routine of devoting at lease half an hour helped me a lot
Consistent learning
I was pushed to completed the whole course months before I was expected It give me time to start another free courses on Udacity.

First I was thinking of it to be boring and was giving up with daily updating my work. But when people started to react and shared their opinions, I saw myself involving in this group more. The encouragement created by these peers helped me a lot throughout this course. I'm blessed to have such peoples in my contact list and also this scholarship which brought us to a common point ♥️
being consistent
Consistency and timely completion of the course. 
Creating the habit to invest >30min on a daily basis together with all the other students, i.e. the community vibes.
The whole journey. It was very helpful
Staying consistent with the course
Making the everyday study a habit helped me a lot,not aonly finishing the classes in a fast pace but also getting certified in PD-100.
it's a daily behaviour
This challenge helped in my course completion and also doing projects of my own. This was like a daily check on my activities that I did throughout the day. Helped me in being more productive. 
Supervised and unsupervised learning
The challenge really motivated me and encouraged me to study daily and helped me gain a lot of knowledge about Machine Learning.
This challenge helped me to be productive and made me more studious. My fellow scholars motivated me to complete the challenge. 
To commit a message on slack everyday,; to find accountability for my progression everyday
Helped me stay on track 
The study jams extremely helpful. 
Regular participation in the slack channel and regular learning habit. 
Study Jam and Study groups
labs in the course and conssitent help from students in slack
The necessity to push ourselves everyday for 30 minutes no matter what- is the best condition ever. It really made me up and go study wise.
This challenge helps in many things. it helps me remain consistent, helps in completing the course, and continuously participate in other activities as well. And of course, motivation and encouragement from fellow scholars made it possible.
To stay on track with the course
Step 4. I was able to interact with more students. It was nice
Keeping me accountable. Helping me slowly get through the course content, and consistently.
That's motivated me to complete the course
Learned a lot and enjoyed at the same time.
Comments from friends in the challenge.
The challenge motivated me to learn something new everyday
Everything 
The goal of posting on slack channel
azure virtual lab and slack support 
Reminding me to check Slack and the other channels
This challenge put me consistent and motivated me to work atleast for an hour a day. This improved my knowledge Machine Learning. Thanks to Udacity.
the slack community - when needed help, I just wrote my Question and got answers in the next 15 mins. No matter what time of the day. 
The fact that the community is very encouraging. It also helped me a lot to keep the rhythm of the learning, it is better to learn each day 30 minutes / 1 hour than to complete all the scholarship in a few days. I am also very grateful for all the support. 
The motivation to keep on learning everyday, as well as the constant support of the slack community
This challenge helped me develop a habit of devoting at least 30 minutes daily to learn and implement.
Do keep the momentum going and also see you others are doing every day.
Constant Learning Habit And Every Day self Analysis For Learning Progress 
The studyjams and projectshowcasechallenges helped me. As a part of project showcase challenge, I used to daily join a meeting with my team and used to work on the project everyday.
the daily motivation
Keeping up the consistency and making daily progress 
To study every day and be motivated
The community played a major role in motivating me and increasing interest in the course. The study jam and the events encouraged me to learn and initiate new projects using Azure.
Constant spending time daily 
consistency
Allocating 30 minutes daily for the course really helped me to stay consistent.
The consistency in spending at least 45 minutes on self growth. Being motivated and motivating others.
The community pulling me forward. Not the accountability element. Rather, the simple sharing of joy over even the simplest of accomplishments. 
The daily support and encouragement I got from the community
Spending specific time each day to study
Learning how to better manage my time to consistently progress through the course daily. It definitely helped to ensure that I was stepping learning daily.  
I helped me develop a habit and feel good by the end of every day that I accomplished something. 
the idea of working daily, even if just 1h
I believe that the daily update in slack was the most crucial feature. The interaction with my classmates was the key ingredient. Even when I was tired or I wasn't in the mood, reading about the progress and the achievements of my classmates motivated me to keep going. 
Keeps me making progress every day bit by bit and kept my mind focus on the study.
I was consistent in revising the concepts once I completed the course 
The continuous support and encouragement from the community. It wouldn't have been possible for me to maintain this streak without that.
Seeing the dedication and the progress of the other students helped me stick to the daily learning routine.
Ensuring that I visited the classroom at least 30 minutes everyday was it for me. Most times, I ended up spending hours eventually.
Applications of machine learning 
study jam
Practice everyday
It improved my consistency, and helped me finally apply concepts I had only learnt theoretically!
It helped me stay focussed
Reading about other participants' posts.
Forcing myself to be regular
Being consistently building small block to finish the big building
It's helpful to have people encourage me everyday to keep working on the course and project.
Beeing made accountable
Study jams, ama's, quizzes other Udacity Scholars 
the over all course design is really good as anyone can jump in and start exploring ML with Azure without much prior experience. I have explored much of Azure for ML as am aware of ML concepts and model training before joining this course. Overall its great one to learn and have enjoyed thoroughly.
If it weren't for this challenge, I could never have stayed this consistent for 50 days! The updates from the other scholars were so motivating and I'm so glad that I made it
Requiring consistency
It was the continuous motivation and a small milestone that you have to achieve and  maintain the streak and learn regularly for some interval of time.  I think this is the best idea to motivate someone to study and work hard. 
Consistency 
I loved the consistency it brought and the drive to reach the final goal
The consistency, and enrolling in another Udacity program after I completed the Azure scholarship course. Both helped keep me motivated to login everyday and work
The Slack community engagement and encouragement from other participants. It really felt like we were a team pushing each other towards a goal.
The part that I had to post an update everyday.
The slack channel
study jam
Steady learning of everyday approach
The consistency and encouragement
On those days when we think about skipping the studies (for many reasons) we see a notification from the Slack group and realize how many people are enjoying the journey and having fun. Perspective really helps and having a community to rely on is a plus.
#50daysofUdacity helped me to study consistently, at least 30 minutes every day. It encouraged me to study regularly.
I help me to be focus in the course and learning more about ML
The group members who motivated to keep going ..
community
The consistency and dedication of fellow scholars
How to solve a ML problem without using any single code!
Course was very well balanced between theory and hands-on. ML/DL concepts were covered with proper pace - thanks to all the instructors. Hands-on session on Azure ML studio was very exciting. Also, the responsible AI teaches us, ML model that we are building must adhere to the 6 principles. Once again thanks to the entire team for this wonderful opportunity.
Using Auto ML in training models

Learning about the current training algorithms for ML
Lesson 4 - The instructor was very engaged and informative. Great at teaching the topic even though it was all virtual.
This challenge helped me in the completion of the course. I completed my course in about 35 days of the challenge. This challenge made me spare 30 minutes daily for course work. After course completion, I used to read articles on ML, and I developed a habit of sparing time for reading articles. I also started working on Kaggle due to this challenge. I enjoyed the quizzes and attended webinars and technical AMAs to reinforce my learning. This challenge developed the habit of learning every day.
Having to post our daily accomplishments helped me finish the course on schedule. Without this pledge, Parkinson's law would have surely made my progress more erratic.
The daily encouragement from the community!
The encouragement from the community kept me going.
Inspiration & encouragement from fellow learners to put in efforts everyday.
Frequent activities on study groups motivated me to contribute to the group.
continuous learning .
The entire theme of challenge I can say because updating what I have daily on the channel not only helped me keep track of my learning but also helped me to understand and get more information about various topics in terms of notes and discussion from my peers.
Consistency 
It helped me get motivated and helped me to learn how to participate in community help each other and grow.
Dear all;

 First of all, let me briefly introduce myself, I am a professional in the field of information systems. I have a versatile IT expertise, which has allowed me to succeed in many professional and personal challenges.

Father of two charming children, a 6-year-old girl and a 7-year-old boy, of Moroccan nationality.

 My country, Morocco, is in its peak economic development, it is also a “hub” towards the African continent. I actively contribute through non-profit actions to the training of our young people in the field of entrepreneurship, IT and robotics.
 
One of my great successes of which I am proud, is my participation in the first International Fintech hackathon simultaneously in 5 major cities: Abidjan, Casablanca, Dakar, Paris and Tunis. Organized by the first and most renowned bank in Morocco, Attijariwafa-Bank. The objective of this international challenge was to identify projects likely to contribute to the digital transformation of the bank to reinvent the bank of tomorrow. 420 internal participants and 1,025 external participants from the Attijariwafa-Bank Group having submitted their candidacy, the jury selected 323 participants. I had the immense honor with my team to win the first national prize of this "Hackathon" and second at the international level.

 The secret of this overflowing motivation, which allows me to hang on, to learn constantly and to progress, is my children and the economic development of my country. My goal is to create a Moroccan company in the field of "Data and IA".  Indeed, Morocco needs experts in this field.

 My IT background, my professional activities in the field of "Big Data" and my indirect contribution to the economic development of my country push me towards entrepreneurship.

So it's no coincidence that I signed up for this exceptional initiative, organized by both “Udacity” & “Microsoft”. This is a golden opportunity for me.

Thank you to all the teams who have contributed directly or indirectly to the organization and implementation of this challenge, the latter is a real catalyst for achieving my goals.

 On behalf of my children, my country and myself, I would like to say thank you very much.
Dear all;

 First of all, let me briefly introduce myself, I am a professional in the field of information systems. I have a versatile IT expertise, which has allowed me to succeed in many professional and personal challenges.

Father of two charming children, a 6-year-old girl and a 7-year-old boy, of Moroccan nationality.

 My country, Morocco, is in its peak economic development, it is also a “hub” towards the African continent. I actively contribute through non-profit actions to the training of our young people in the field of entrepreneurship, IT and robotics.
 
One of my great successes of which I am proud, is my participation in the first International Fintech hackathon simultaneously in 5 major cities: Abidjan, Casablanca, Dakar, Paris and Tunis. Organized by the first and most renowned bank in Morocco, Attijariwafa-Bank. The objective of this international challenge was to identify projects likely to contribute to the digital transformation of the bank to reinvent the bank of tomorrow. 420 internal participants and 1,025 external participants from the Attijariwafa-Bank Group having submitted their candidacy, the jury selected 323 participants. I had the immense honor with my team to win the first national prize of this "Hackathon" and second at the international level.

 The secret of this overflowing motivation, which allows me to hang on, to learn constantly and to progress, is my children and the economic development of my country. My goal is to create a Moroccan company in the field of "Data and IA".  Indeed, Morocco needs experts in this field.

 My IT background, my professional activities in the field of "Big Data" and my indirect contribution to the economic development of my country push me towards entrepreneurship.

So it's no coincidence that I signed up for this exceptional initiative, organized by both “Udacity” & “Microsoft”. This is a golden opportunity for me.

Thank you to all the teams who have contributed directly or indirectly to the organization and implementation of this challenge, the latter is a real catalyst for achieving my goals.

 On behalf of my children, my country and myself, I would like to say thank you very much.
I can finish the course on time and Now I like to study for one hour per day
It helped me to be more accountable of my progress. 
Developing a consistent learning habit
Encouragement and keeping me up in the learning process
Knowing everyone's progress in the course was a good motivation for studying everyday.
Encourage me to study every day at least 30 minutes, get feedback and read about other students progress.
The goal of continue the course everyday helped me have a great rythm and forced me to continue learning more and more. 
coursework and projects.
being consistent
Team answers from slack
Team answers from slack
I think the daily fixed time to study was very helpful because I could maintain a good study pace
It is motivation / reminder to spend at least one hour on class and concepts, to track how am I doing and where I am from others. 
The idea of the challenge helped me the most. It kept me  to work for at least an hour a day and to explore more about ML. 
Interactive opinions and reply helped me and I added lot of unknown friends by getting and sharing knowledge 
I think it was the constancy and that helped me to improve my skills. Even I learned something small every day. 
Awerness that there is a community and that I made a commitment so I was consistent with doing even small steps forward each day.
It put me on check everyday to remember to attempt the lessons 
Community support.
To spend more time for exploring the topics 
The quality of the training and the commitments of both organizers and learners. Thank you
Being consistent everyday for achieving my goal.
Motivation from the community.
I was actively involved in going through each and every sessions and helped a lot in course completion much before the scheduled date.Everyday minimum 30 minutes of my time spent on learning added a great value.AMA sessions was also good.Overrall it was a great experience.
Keep learning!!!
The first 10 days helped me gather great momentum.
Learning
Stay focused in your goal and keep learning
Keeping a study routine
The support of the other students and the links out to great articles on ML
Seeing people who were making similar progress to mine encouraged me
All of. Brushed up my ML concepts and also taught me a whole new software.
50dayschallenge and study jam
i really like the studyjam activities . I also like how i can come to different lesson channel to ask for help
the 30 min study factor
everything
Being disciplined and developing the habit of studying consistently.
The Encouragement and Consistency 💖
Being consistent is key to success,and giving few hours to study every day is the best one can do. And also the slack community is one of the best, I have ever got or studied with. Thoroughly enjoyed learning with all.
Learn to be consistent
Community participation and motivation
It helped me a lot in commitments and willing to continue this challenge for ever as this characteristic is part of my personality 
All in all was an awesome experience. It helped me a lot by establishing a new habbit, keep up with it and trying to be consistent. 
Continue to progress.
i am not summarising any notes to slack #50daychallenge but really helpful to make a familiarity with azure
The visual gallery challenge and the slack community.
initially bit challenging to study daily but two or three completed , it has habituated  
Reading other people's posts (especially about extra activities), and encouraging others - and therefore interacting with them! Loved the challenge, and will continue it 
It helped me to improve my consistency a lot!
coursework
community supporting and motivating each day
Posting my progress each day, motivated me to keep up the pace and make sure I complete it. Thank you for starting this initiative.
the pledge, once you pledge, you have to keep it and meet the 50 days
The accountability part, knowing that I have to come online to share what I have done everyday helped and then doing it with other people too, I drew strength and motivation from that. 
I set a reminder to block out time and I have now achieved a balance between the course and life's other callings. I find myself excited to come back to the course everyday now. Which is not something I experience often in my studies :P
Constant learning and encouragement from Peers.
Azure ML studio
1) getting to learn about the various topics others were studying once they had completed the main Azure Fundamentals course 
Course learning and general discussion helped me a lot to sort out my doubts regarding ML.

I have had problems staying consistent with online courses previously. With this challenge, I was able to complete the course in approximately 30 days by staying consistent. It has reinforced that I can actually complete this courses with consistency. 
None 
Continuous encouragement from peers
The slack community support! :)
Encouragement  by others 
model training and managed services
The updates everyday
The detailed theorical part of ML algorithms is one of the most important part of this course for me. I also so pleasured to taking a detailed information about whole Machine Learning information. It is so important to see whole picture at the beginning! 
In addition to that hands-on experience is also so important for every part of our jobs. You provide this a lot of times.
Thanx to Udacity & Microsoft families to giving that chance to me:) 
To help focusing on the learning process.
It helped me a lot
Once I finished the course, somehow the motivation disipated and was hard to continue the challenge.
The encouragement I received from other scholars was really motivating.
Coding has helped me really well.
Labs
Being a part of #50daysofUdacity helped me maintain discipline by taking out atleast 30 mins a day to study about ML.
Daily postings
Lab
All aspects
I maintained the speed of completing the course
The main idea of doing something instead of nothing. Some days that I would've skipped studying, I did at least 30 minutes of something, which added up to few hours over the 50 days. Also, knowing that my progress will be viewed by other students made me go 'extra mile' and post a more impressive result. That probably added up to another few hours, and now we're talking days:)
Tagging friends 
Consistency & motivation from other peers participating in the challnege
Study jams , AMA session and some channels like #motivation #tech_help helped me the most
Continuity in pursuit to finish the course on time
Firstly It helped me to complete my coursework before time. It also helped me to keep track of my learning.
Study Jam
Set up a small goal each day
The encouragement by fellow participants and the eager to accomplish this.
all
everyday learning/sharing/help
Everything
The encourgament of the peers, keeping myself busy with atleast 30min a day of using udacity.
I keep on receiving encouraging words from co-students around the globe, really thankful for it.
To keep going with the course
The commitment to continue for 50 days straight. 
Helped me to allocate time for the course every day. I probably completed the course earlier only because I had to study every day to keep up with the 50daysofudacity challenge. 
Pushing myself to make progress everyday
Everything
Helped me to allocate time for the course every day. I probably completed the course earlier only because I had to study every day to keep up with the 50daysofudacity challenge. 
The daily motivation to study in order to successfully finish the challenge
Getting encouraged by others
The Lectures
AMA sessions
It keeps me motivated to learn new stuff and interact with others by sharing resources.
To revise all concepts regularly and within time given
The encouragement from the peers helped me keep my focus on fufilling my goals. Love the community spirit! :D 
Consistency and fellow peers made me stay on top and kept me motivated. 
I think motivation from others and sharing my progress with my colleagues, helped me stay on track and complete the courses :)
Encouraging people
It created urge in me to devote 30 minutes no matter how much i am held up in my daily schedule
Every part of it. Seeing my peers work so hard motivated me to do better each day. I realized that consistency is very important in every aspect of life. 
It was like growing together,seeing everyone being consistent motivated me to keep learning and be consistent as well.
Study Jam, and motivation from amazing folks in the slack community 
Working on Unit 7: Responsible AI
Quizes and Labs were most helpful and fun part.
Consistency that we have 50 days and need to complete the entire course within deadline. 50 days are fair enough to cover everything smoothly. Though I did miss on some days due to college placement but again 50 days are more than enough to complete it!!!
To keep consistency in my work.
Having to post our daily accomplishments helped me finish the course on schedule. Without this pledge, Parkinson's law would have surely made my progress more erratic.
The challenge helped me with 2 questions: to maintain the discipline of dedicating myself to the program and to expand my network of contacts.
Everything
Community
The fact of ending it
Lesson of Supervised and Unsupervised Learning.. It's very helpful and insightful for me
Being consistent with the course progression and getting motivated from others
It helped me in staying consistent and sharing the knowledge with other scholars regularly.
Webinar sessions and discussions on some useful slack groups.
Encouragement and quizzes and interactions 
